xx  Transcription for American Express tape 1:  A 4-24-89


My name is B C and I would like to plan a trip

xx [charge number]

xx and the date you need to leave?

well um I have to work a little bit backwards here

xx ok

I want to leave on the first flight out of ORD uh Monday morning

xx M- Monday (the first

the eighth) the eighth

xx ok 

and I want to take whatever red eye or any other flight that I have to take
to get there in time to make that transfer

xx where are you going from Chicago to where?

Greenbay.  so the first I need to catch the first flight from ORD out
to Greenbay, Wisconsin uh Monday morning

xx it looks like the first one is a seven forty on American uh Eagle that
xx arrives Greenbay at eight fifty one

is that booked?

xx I do show space avaliable

ok

xx uh, let's see what would get you there then leaving probabl- the seventh.
xx from San Jose or San Francisco?

San Francisco.  actually Oakland would be good too on that

xx I don't know if there are any red eyes from there (let's see

ok)

xx there is one on United that leaves Oakland at eleven thirty p.m. and
xx arrives Chicago five twenty five a.m.

so that's a two hour hold there

xx yes 

waiting for that flight ok any others?

xx uh not from Oakland.  departing from San Francisco it's about the same
xx actually American has an eleven forty one flight from San Francisco
xx that arrives Chicago five fifty four (and

that's ) and hour and a half.  so that's that's a a wash

xx yeah or wait just one moment.  or United has a twelve oh one a.m.
xx departure that arrives at Chicago five fifty two a.m.

oh that sounds good

xx it's about the same I don't know if you prefer United over American or ??

I'm a member of the United Travel

xx oh ok

group, so let's book that midnight red eye out of SFO

xx uh huh

right will leave SFO at

xx I'm sorry just one moment
xx ok put this in the correct order.  so you'd be on United flight five two
xx eight

United five twenty eight

xx leaving on the eigth from San Francisco twelve oh one (a.m.

oh)

xx is that right?  arriving Chicago five fifty two
xx and then you would connect with American flight four two oh eight leaving
xx Chicago seven forty a.m. and arriving Greenbay eight fifty one

seven forty to eight fifty one.  ok and

xx that's actually operated by American Eagle

uh what's the name of that the flight number

xx four two zero eight

four two zero eight ok

xx all righty and from there?

xx [car rental]

mh huh and I need a flight uh let's see I guess mid to late morning back uh

xx from Greenbay to

Springfield, Illinois that's that's probably going to be via Chicago

xx let's take a look and see what we have.  ok United has a nine thirty
xx seven connection through Chicago and you would conn- connect with an
xx American flight that would arrive Springfield twelve thirty one

ok

xx or you can take American both legs leaving at nine thirty two and connecting
xx with the same flight 

all right so let's see it's only nine thirty seven to twelve thirty ( for
that trip

xx mmm hmmmm)

that sounds good to me

xx let me give you those flight numbers

ok

xx that would be United flight two nine seven four
xx that flight is operated by United Express Air Wisconsin and it leaves
xx Greenbay nine thirty seven a.m. arrives Chicago ten thirty five, connects
xx with American flight four three oh six. again that's operated by American
xx Eagle leaving Chicago eleven twenty five and arriving Springfield
xx twelve thirty one p.m.

uh that gives me half a day there Wednesday that's good

xx [car and hotel]

xx ok and then you're going to return from Chicago on the fourteen or

on the fourteenth right

xx at what time?

umm think I'd like to arrive SFO around six in the evening, late afternoon
evening

xx United has a three forty five nonstop that arrives San Francisco six oh
xx three or they have a five p.m. that arrives seven eighteen

what's the next flight earlier than the the uh one that arrives

xx there's a two fifty on American that arrives San Francisco five twenty
xx five or a one o'clock on United that arrives San Francisco three fourteen

I think I'm going to do the one p.m. thing

xx ok that would be United

let me let me let me  beg your pardon here for a second I want to pull a map
Do you have any distances easily available in your computer there?

xx um, just air mileage actually where were you thinking of from

well I want I've got I think it's either two or three hundred miles that I have
to drive if I'm going to come into ORD

xx from Springfield

ah well no it's a different town but it's very very close to that

xx let me ah ah a hundred and seventy five airmiles from Springfield to Chicago

all right I've got my auto club map

xx if you have yeah that's probably better it would give you the

all right let me, what have I got. I've got about two hundred and fifty miles
that's five hours of driving.  I want to book the um I want to book
the three what is it three p.m. or so United flight out of Chicago

xx ok that would be United f- it leaves at three forty five United flight one
xx two nine

United one twenty nine and it leaves at three

xx three forty five and arrives San Francisco six oh three

and

xx you want me to price this and see what we get for the lowest available
xx fare just one moment

all right this is two weeks in advance so it should be

xx yeah and you are staying over a Saturday night so we should be able to do
xx something here.  uh it's taking a moment not sure why

xx [mileage plus and car numbers]


xx ok I can send your United number to Hertz also um I'm just looking at
xx this fare we got back the lowest available would be six hundred and
xx sixty dollars round trip that is completely non refundable and the
xx last day to issue the ticket would be today because it has a fourteen
xx day advance purchase

so that is that is the discounted fare then

xx yes and that's that's the the lowest

ok

xx we would have to issue the ticket today and it would be completely non
xx refundable

uh huh

xx and if you want to go with that or we could look at er er portions of
xx your trip going to change or would you like to look at a fare that has a

well barring some major catastrophe no it won't change

xx so would you like me to go ahead and set this up to ticket today?

yes

xx ok (and

I've I've) always wondered if I get bumped on one of these legs because
I am flying two different airlines is that going to foul up my ticketing

xx no if if for for their reasons you mean (they

say American Airlines)

xx oversold the flight or something

American Eagle or whoever it is bumps me off a flight is United going to
penalize me?

xx no 

ok

xx [seating]

ok that's real fine

xx all righty

all right thank you (very much

xx thanks.)  ok bye bye

bye bye


xx -----


xx um is this going to be business or personal?

this is business and uh

xx [retrieving profile]

xx and what date did you want to leave

I'm going to be leaving May first

xx from San Jose or San Francisco?

uh it looks like San Jose tell you what I what I need I have an appointment
Monday afternoon at San Bernadino and uh I have appointments on Tuesday
um in the City Commerce and in the Santa Ana areas so 

xx mm hmm

it looks like probably the best connections are to go out to Ontario and
to come back by way of Orange County I don't know if you split that up
whether that's gonna

xx it won't it really won't affect the cost um except that if we issue the
xx ticket today we can get you a seven day advance purchase

mm hmm

xx fare that's gonna be two fifty eight round trip instead of two ninety

mm hmm

xx six

mm hmm

xx but uh otherwise un- unless you're staying over a Saturday night

unfortunately no I ??

xx ok and what time do you need to be in San Bernadino by?

I need to uh well my appointment is at two o'clock so it looks like I I
just looked at the airline guide it looks like there are two American
Airlines flights out of San Jose ah one's at nine fifty gets in  around
eleven oh two and the other nine twenty five it gets in at ten thirty

xx that's on Alaska

is that Alaska?

xx yeah

ah both of them?

xx no American is the nine fifty flight

nine fifty is American uh huh are there price differences depending on

xx no it would be the same airfare it's just up to you which time would be
xx better or if you have a preference (to airlines

they're both in) the middle of the morning so

xx yeah

equally non productive uh

xx it shouldn't be ba- too bad traffic wise

yeah I guess Alaska has a snack on it and American doesn't um

xx would you rather fly on the Alaska flight?

well p- p- put me on the American that's a little later that's the nine
fifty you say?

xx uh huh

yeah put me on the American flight

xx ok that's flight fourteen thirteen and it leaves San Jose nine fifty a.m.

yeah

xx and arrives Ontario eleven oh two

eleven oh two ok

xx ok and then what date would you be returning?

be returning on the second

xx at what time?

and uh my last appointment is again two o'clock in the afternoon
I would imagine we could depart around five five or six

xx and you wanted to leave from Orange County, correct?

I think so yeah the appointment going to be right near Orange County

xx ok American has a five p.m. flight

that sounds

xx or they have a six p.m.

the fourteen ninety six is the five right

xx uh huh

um yeah I'd almost I'd almost say uh the five ought to be able to do it um 

xx the only um let me just go ahead and price this and double check but yeah
xx you would be eligible for the two fifty eight fare but the ticket would
xx need to be issued today

mm hmm

xx so if you want to change that return you'd have to give me a call by this
xx afternoon or unless you wanted to go with the fare that had no penalty
xx which would be two ninety six

ok in other words if I change the return then I'm 

xx you need to do so by by (this afternoon

ok it's not something) that I could uh if I if I changed en route er while I
was there that would be a penalty

xx yo- yeah then it would be a twenty five percent penalty

yeah I I suspect that uh I suspect the uh five o'clock is ok but maybe to be on
the safe side we better do the six

xx ok

if we wind up having a productive meeting I'd hate to have to push it
short for twenty five percent penalty included

xx yeah tha- that's true

uh huh

xx ok I can confirm you on the six o'clock flight which is flight three six two

xx [car rental]

xx so do you want to go ahead with the six p.m. departure then?

xx [coughing]

I believe so yes

xx ok and we want to go ahead with the two hundred and fifty eight dollar
xx fare that (has the twenty five

if that's the best) we can do.  what, just for curiosity if you stayed over
Saturday what are the rates?

xx well we could get it down to a hundred and twenty four dollars round trip

round trip ok (?? efforts

xx but that w- but that would be completely non refundable

no no changes ??

xx yeah no changes on a a if if worst now the only thing is that I do need
xx to have the um charge number and the travel advance before we can issue
xx (the ticket today

xx [ticketing]

A thank you so much

xx ok thanks

bye bye

xx bye bye 


xx  Transcription for American Express tape 3:  A 5-4-89

xx American Express A speaking.

Yes um hello I'm B with WWW and I'd like to make
some travel arrangements?

xx [recording notification, name spelling, charge number]

xx Okay, and what day did you wish to travel?

This is um May 12th.

xx Out of San Francisco?

Out of San Francisco.

xx And going where?

Going to Los Angeles.  Umm there's an eight o'clock I believe United flight.

xx That's eight a.m.?

Right.

xx Okay I've got that - and returning on what day?

Same day.

xx And about what time?

At six o'clock.

xx Again on United here?

Sure, why not.

xx Okay.  We have you confirmed on United flight one one zero three.

MhM

xx That's on the 12th of May, out of San Francisco at 8 a.m. into Los Angeles
xx at nine nineteen a.m., returning on the same day on United flight one zero
xx four  four, leaving Los Angeles at 6 p.m., and getting into San Francisco
xx at seven thirteen p.m.

Okay, (very good.

xx And the) fare on this is a hundred and ninety-eight dollars.

You're kidding, what happened to the seventy-eight dollar fares or those
sort of things?

xx Those you need to stay over a Saturday night for.

Uhn, well, can't do that.

xx Yeah

Or, Okay, very good.

xx [ticketing]

Thank you.

xx Thank you.

Bye.

xx mm Bye now.


xx -----


Hi, this is C??, I need to make some um, uh travel
arrangements please.

xx [recording notification]

xx Now what's the passenger's last name?

It's DDD, D D D

xx And first name?

Is ddd, d d d

xx [profile info]

xx Okay, what day would he like to travel?

He needs to go on Tuesday May 9th.

xx Mhm

>From San Fran to Philadelphia, on United flight ninety-four, that's 
the one-thirty to nine thirty-nine non-stop.

xx Okay, I've got that for him, and returning when?

Uh, let's leave the return open right now, he needs to figure that out.

xx [seating]

xx And, oo-shall we wait on anything else until we know what ah, what day
xx he's returning?

Yeah, if we could, he's got um - as long as he's got a slot on that flight
we're okay.

xx Okay.

We should know sometime this afternoon.

xx Okay, if you want to give me a call back.

Great, will do.

xx Okay.

Okay, great.  (Thanks.

xx Thank you,) C.

Mmm. Bye-bye.

xx Bye now


xx -----


xx American Express, A speaking.

Ah, yes, I'd like to make a reserv- some reservations please.

xx [recording notification, agent verification]

xx And what's the passenger's last name?

xx [pulling profile, for consultant]

And we need to do the same thing we've done once or twice before.

xx [name spelling, charge number for new reservation]

And it's gonna be for May eleven.  If you're at that point yet.

xx [more profile info]

xx Okay.  May eleventh you said?

Mhm

xx San Francisco to

Nope. Nope, not that easy, now- I- don't ask me why he wants to do
this, but this is his route.  He wants to take a Piedmont flight that
leaves Phoenix aimed for Baltimore, at ten thirty in the morning,,,And
then he wants to connect with another Piedmont flight from Baltimore to
New York, and then a Saudia flight to Riyadh.

xx Okay I show a - a Piedmont flight f- at nine twenty-five a.m., I don't
xx show a ten thirty one.

Is that from Phoenix to Baltimore?

xx Yes.

Okay let's do that.

xx Okay.

xx [talking under breath]

xx And what day from um

All consecutive.

xx Okay.

Or,,,back to back as best as possible.

xx Ah-hah.  So Baltimore to Ji- to JFK.

Wherever Saudia flies out of to Riyadh.

xx One second.

xx [on hold]

He just thinks that Baltimore is the most efficient route to get to - JFK
from Phoenix.

xx [on hold, chatter]

And we're looking for economy, not business or first.

xx Right, you're looking for ah Saudi Arabian a- Airlines.

Yeah, using Saudi on the eleventh or - I guess it'd probably
at the night of the eleventh.

xx Right, I - that's what I'm looking at.  It is sold out.

That's not a good new - that's not good news.

xx No it isn't - out of JFK.  Um

Is Friday open?

xx Let me check here.  I'm showing economy on Pan Am is open.

(on that Thursday?

xx On the eleventh), yes

Okay, well,,,we have to get him to Riyadh one way or another, so

xx Okay

let's sign him up with whatever we can.

xx Okay, one second here.
xx Okay, and then returning from there?

Open.  We don't know when t- he's gonna come back yet.

xx ok

But it'll be the same routing, if you have to,,,estimate a price.

xx Okay.  Okay, we've got him on Piedmont flight f- eleven fifty-four,
xx on the eleventh of May.

Okay,,,ah Piedmont eleven fifty-four

xx M

on five eleven

xx Out of Phoenix at nine twenty-five a.m. ,,,into Baltimore at four
xx fifty-six p.m.

Okay.

xx Same day, on the eleventh of May, it's Piedmont flight,,,forty-five
xx thirty-five.

Forty-five thirty-five

xx Out of Baltimore at five fifty-five p.m.

Five fifty-five?

xx Yes.

Mhm.

xx Into JFK at seven ten p.m.

Mhm.

xx Ahm,,,connecting there with PanAm flight ten sixty-six

Mhm.

xx Leaving JFK at nine fifteen p.m.

Nine fifteen?

xx Yes.

Okay.

xx And getting into Riyadh at seven fifteen p.m. the following day.

Yeah

xx [passport]

xx Okay) now if you want to look that up and I'll look at - ,,,
xx a couple of things on this and um give you a call back either today
xx or tomorrow morning as far as faring goes.

Okay, yeah

xx [ticketing, seating]

Okay?

xx All righty.

Thank you very much.

xx Sure thing.

Bye-bye.

xx Bye now.



xx  Transcription for American Express tape 6:  A 05-26-89


xx this is A at American Express can I help you?

oh yes A this is B

xx [recording notification]

xx ok)  thanks what can I help you with?

well C is going to go to Ottawa

xx is this for a new reservation?

yes and I, what I need right now are um choices

xx just flight information then?

right

xx ok and what date is he gonna go?

the twenty second and he needs to be there in time for an evening meeting
if he can be, say around six o'clock

xx let me see here

twenty second of June did I make that clear?

xx yeah a- I assumed that yeah.  ah there's nothing really that gets in that
xx early. uh Air Canda has a connection through Toronto that leaves San
xx Francisco at seven fifty a.m. arrives Toronto at three thirty five but
xx the connection to Ottawa doesn't leave until five fifteen getting into
xx Ottawa at six ten (and

when)

xx that's about the earliest one

um ok

xx other than leaving the evening before.  I mean the, you know like just
xx after midnight

so we have one tha- on Air Canada that goes to Toronto huh?

xx right and then it's a change of planes there but it doesn't arrive into
xx Ottawa until six ten

let me take all that down anyway ok I guess it's too, at what time does it
get to Toronto?

xx ah three thirty five p.m.

mm hmm

xx and departs there at five fifteen. do you want the flight numbers on these?

right uh huh

xx uh the first one is Air Canada flight seven fifty eight

mm hmm

xx the connection is flight four sixty

uh huh.  and it arrives Ottawa

xx at six ten p.m.

all right do you have any that get in- into ah Ottawa later in the evening?

xx ah yes one second

ge- are there any direct flights at all?

xx ah only if there's an overnight direct flight on Piedmont but it leaves
xx leaves the night before at eleven forty p.m.

let me see I'm writing this down.  that's Piedmont what

xx ah flight twelve fifty it really isn't worth considering I just noticed
xx it makes three (stops

no) no

xx I mean it's direct in that it's the same plane all the way through but
xx ( it's ??

??) going to take him all night

xx there are no non stop flights (um

that's) what I was wondering ok

xx there's a CP Air f- uh connection through Vancouver it get's in later it
xx leaves at nine ten a.m. and arrives Vancouver (at 

what) is CP Air?

xx it's a Canadian Airline like Air Canada it's

and it flies out of San Francisco?

xx uh huh

huh what's that number then?

xx uh it's CP Air flight one forty

one forty

xx it's out of San Francisco at nine ten a.m.

uh huh

xx arrives Vancouver at eleven thirteen a.m. it connects to CP Air flight
xx seven twenty two

mm hmm

xx that leaves Vancouver at one p.m. and arrives Ottawa at nine forty eight
xx p.m. that does make one stop between Vancouver and Ottawa

where does it stop?

xx let's see.  looks like Calgary

like Calgary ok

xx yeah, Calgary

all right then coming back if if you ha- do you have a late flight out on the
twenty third.  probably not huh?

xx well let me see.  we might cause the time zone's in our v- our favor
xx coming (this direction

uh huh) he said either l- late on the twenty third or or any time on the
twenty fourth

xx ok. by late he means something like nine ten like that?
xx cause there's an eight p.m. departure

tha- ah I think that's (that's

xx would) that be good?

uh huh

xx ok there's an eight p.m. departure on Air Canada it's flight four sixty
xx seven it arrives into Toronto at eight fifty five connects to Air Canada
xx flight seven fifty five that's out of Toronto at ten thirty p.m. and
xx arrives San Francisco at twelve  forty five a.m. on the twenty fourth

no I'm it leaves Ottawa four sixty seven leaves Ottawa at what time?

xx eight p.m.

eight p.m.  and arrives at Toronto

xx eight fifty five

eight fifty five. and leaves Toronto at ten thirty?

xx right

(and arrives

xx seven fifty) five does

mm huh

xx and arrives San Francisco at twelve forty five a.m.

ok and then what about Saturday a flight next Saturday?

xx yeah one second.  uh there's an early Air Canada connection through Toronto
xx again

uh huh

xx it's uh flight one eighty nine out of Ottawa at six fifty a.m. arrives
xx Toronto at seven forty seven a.m.

mmm hmm

xx connects to Air Canada flight seven fifty seven

mm hmm

xx out  of Toronto at nine thirty a.m.

mm hmm

xx and arrives San Francisco at eleven forty five a.m.

all right I think tha- this is enough for him to consider

xx ok

for the time being  and I'll get back with you

xx ok great

all right thank you ( very much

xx thanks a lot)

bye bye

xx bye bye


xx -----


xx this is A at American Express may I help you?

A this is B

xx [recording notification]

xx ok what can I help you with B?

ok my the traveller is C [spells name]

xx mm hmm

first name is CC

xx [for new reservation, charge number]

xx ok what does he need to do?

ok it's for ah the outbound would be on June seventeenth

xx uh huh

and it's on US Air flight two seven eight two and I believe it's departing
at twelve twenty five p.m.

xx going where?

Orange County

xx two twenty five p.m.?

yes, uh twelve twenty five sorry

xx ok US Air flight twenty seven eighty two?

mm yeah

xx ok (got that

that right? ok) now this traveller is making uh, this is something out of the
ordinary now it says reservations for CC and his wife and

xx [discussion of frequent flyer number and flight for wife]

xx yeah, let me make C's reservation
xx and then I'll have to call US Air to find out if if we're allowed to make
xx her reservations sometimes you have to make it directly with the airline

oh

xx and if we can make it I'll go ahead and do it

oh ok

xx ok otherwise you'll have to call US Air

oh I see all right now coming back on June twentieth

xx leaving at what time?

uh  let's see five ten p.m. out of Burbank and this is on US Air two five
one one and again this return flight will be for CC and his wife 

xx right n- yeah, I know

you'll have to check that one too

xx no  I'll check the whole thing yeah

mmm

xx what's his wife's name?

xx [trying to figure out pronunciation, hotel, car]

ah huh

xx yeah we have enough advance purchase time that i can get a nonrefundable
xx fare on the return would bring that portion down to twenty nine dollars
xx one way but I'd have to t- issue the tickets today 

no give them the non restricted air fare (I think it's one ninety eight

xx non restrictive air fare) one ninety eight right

xx [requesting special hotel rate]

xx ok sure 

bye

xx bye bye B


xx -----


xx Hi this is A at American Express may I help you?

hi A this is B Physical Sciences Business Office at uh WWW

xx [recording notification]

xx yeah and uh what can I help you with?

uh I need to know uh business class round trip uh fare for ah San Francisco
to ah Baron, Switzerland

xx sure one second.  is this for a proposal?

right

xx I'm checking a couple different carriers just to compare them before I give
xx you the fare on this

ok

xx I seem to have a very slow computer here

ok that's all right

xx well I have one fare let me give you that and I'm just trying to see if I
xx can verify it on another carrier

ok

xx uh one way fare would be fifteen sixty seven

w- round trip?

xx the round trip would be that times two plus thirteen for taxes

ok

xx [reiteration of fare]

xx ah it looks like approximately right uh using TWA instead of American I get
xx fifteen eighty nine a little bit higher

ok

xx so it's it's in that ballpark (??

ok fifteen) fifty seven times two plus thirteen

xx there isn't any one carrier that flies all the way in there you need
xx to connect somewhere like from TWA to Air France or Pan Am to Air France
xx or something to get in to Baron

uh huh

xx and also you can't get business class all the way through but they fare
xx it business class all the way

ok

xx you you you would get business class from the US to your European gateway
xx city and then for the little hop to Baron you would probably be in Coach

yeah ok

xx ok

that helps

xx ok great

thanks a lot

xx you're welcome (bye bye

bye bye


xx -----


xx [continuing after discussing another frequent flyer number]

This is for B

xx [checking profile, charge number, etc.]

xx ok, what is she doing?

ok, on the uh thirty first of may

xx uh huh

out of SFO to DFW on American thirteen hundred leaving at eleven am

xx ok I've got that it arrives at four twenty three into Dallas?

right

xx ok and then a return?

returning on the first of june

xx uh huh

departing DFW at six forty pm on American three eight nine

xx okay, let me see what sort of fare I can get on that

ok

xx the only thing that's going to apply is full coach

ok

xx and that's nine forty six one way

ok

xx I mean round trip, (round trip, sorry

xx [exclamation, hotel, car, seating, ticketing]

thanks a lot

xx ok, thanks, D

bye bye

xx bye bye


xx -----

xx A at American Express may I help you?

yeah this is B B I need to make some travel arrangements

xx [recording notification, charge number, travel advance, phone]

xx ok and what do you need to do?

ok on June sixth from San Jose to Denver, United

xx leaving at what time?

I believe there's one leaving at eleven o'clock in the morning

xx yeah that's United flight four seventy

ok

xx leaves at eleven a.m. and arrives Denver at two twenty p.m. out of San Jose

that's the one

xx and a return?

return June seventh

xx leaving at what time?

uh I believe there's one at five sixteen

xx yeah that's United flight six fifty nine it arrives back into San Jose at
xx six forty two

ok

xx let me just see what sort of fare I can get you on this

all righty

xx ok the best fare I can get you on this would be five sixty eight round
xx trip. that does have a twenty five percent change cancellation penalty on it

ok

xx and we'd have to ticket it by Tuesday

right that's fine

xx [hotel, car, seating, mileage plus number]

ok thank you very much

xx thanks a lot

sure

xx mm bye

bye bye


xx -----


xx American Express may I help  you?

oh A this is B

xx [recording notification]

xx ok wh- how can I help you?

xx [ticketing]

we have an emergency traveller who is going t- uh
Copenhagen from San Francisco to Los Angeles and he is going on a two
o'clock flight.

xx [ticketing]

xx he's going to Copenhagen today?

that's correct yes

xx [warning her of slow system]

xx it's just a flat one way?

ah yes that's correct

xx in business class?

xx [sentence fragments]

ok (??

xx yeah we should be able to do it)

xx [discussion of international booking]

xx um) one sec let me just

all right

xx start a new reservation for him.  what's his last name?

um C [spells name]

xx first name

D [spells name]

xx [discussing non-employee status, charge number, etc.]

xx ok what flights do you want to have him on?

ok he would like to be on United flight one one one seven

xx first of all he's going all the way through to Copenhagen?

oh, that's right uh huh

xx and this is a connection in what city?

ah Los Angeles

xx ok

oh and yeah

xx and what time does that United flight leave?

it's ah going out at uh two o'clock today, SFO to Los Angeles

xx and then connecting to SAS flight nine thirty two?

nine thirty two that's right

xx and you said well actually the eleven seventeen I'm showing sold out let
xx me just look (in their system

oh no)

xx well we can put him there are other flights oh there I can get a seat on it

oh ok

xx ??  it's one of the last ones but I can get it.
xx now is he going business class on the SAS flight?

um if he can go business class sure

xx they're allowed it for flights over (thirteen hours

certainly oh) ok great that's fine

xx and this is just going to be one way only right?

that's correct

xx [on hold, hotel, passport, seating, check in]

xx ok B so I have him on United flight eleven seventeen on today Friday
xx the twenty sixth out of San Francisco at two p.m.

right

xx arriving LAX at three fifteen p.m.

uh huh

xx connecting to SAS flight nine thirty two

right 

xx out of LAX at five thirty p.m.  it arrives Copenhagen at one oh five p.m. on
xx the twenty seventh of May

yes (that's wonderf-

xx that's) on request and that's already confirmed so that's (great

that's) just absolutely marvelous and I am wondering now if we can we add
another leg to that uh

xx what do you want to do?

xx [on hold]

um we would like on Monday which would be uh let's see the twenty ninth the
holiday

xx mm hmm

May twenty ninth from Copenhagen to uh Sandestrom

xx ok

and that would be uh SAS flight two nine one and that is a ten thirty a.m.
departure

xx ok no- this adds a fare that isn't in my system

oh

xx so if we do that I'm going to have to send it off to the airlines for
xx faring and I can't guarantee how fast they'll come back with a fare

xx [ticketing problem]

y- exactly yes I understand. ok that's great and you did make the
reservation for the uh Monday five twenty nine flight was that possible
to go on flight two nine one from Copenhagen?

xx yeah I haven't confirmed it yet but I've just (got it

oh ok)

xx requested.  one second

sure

xx yes B that's that's confirmed now

oh ok

xx so we'll just ticket as far as Copenhagen and he'll deal with the rest
xx in Denmark then

uh 

xx is that what you want to do?

xx [ticketing problem again]

all right

xx you know if it's not back within an hour we'll just ticket him as far as
xx Copenhagen

good

xx how's that?

all right

xx ok

good bye

xx sure, bye bye